OSASINFRA-3550: docs/openstack: adds content for Ingress with MetalLB (#4439)
openshift/hypershift: docs/content/how-to/openstack/create-openstack-cluster.md

version   4.17.0        True        False         5m39s   Cluster version is 4.17.0
```

## Enabling Ingress

Note: In 4.17, enabling Ingress is a day 2 operation and we tested it with MetalLB. This might change in the future.

> * Create a floating IP in your OpenStack cloud that will be the public IP for Ingress.

Reviewer: The Floating IP needs to be routed to the machine Network, right?
It might be worth to add that as a requirement.

Author: right but to me that goes without saying, since CAPO would connect the network to the external network via a router. Please suggest an addition if you feel like I missed something.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a floating IP using the external network configured on your cluster that will be the public IP for Ingress.
```

* Update your DNS to create the wildcard for *apps.<cluster-name>.<base-domain> .
* Create the OpenStack Neutron port for Ingress:

```shell
openstack port create --network k8s-clusterapi-cluster-<cluster-namespace>-<cluster-name>-<cluster-id> --fixed-ip ip-address=<internal-ingress-IP> hcp-ingress
```

> Note: if CAPO handles the network resources, the internal ingress IP should be `10.0.0.7`.

Reviewer: do we require this address because we're enforcing usage of one CIDR for the machines? is there a chance this won't be always true even when capo handles creation of resources?

Author: in the current code as you know we use the `10.0.0.0/16` subnet if not provided by the user so I think it's mention here a valid IP that can be used for Ingress. I could maybe clarify that?

Reviewer: yes, I think it's a good idea to clarify it

Author: I clarified it. Let me know what you think.
